So here we're going to talk about a quick checklist and what to do going forward, what what you should
have achieved if you've followed all the directions in this master class so far.
So, first of all, with your resume, you should get at least four people to review your resume.
One of them should preferably be someone with a background in English or a good command of the language,
because their responsibility should be to to check your resume for typos, for grammatical errors,
for incomplete sentences, things like that.
You can also use Grammarly if you wish to, that can do the same job.
And Grammarly will also suggest ways to make the sentences stronger and avoid repeated uses of certain
words like successfully or proactively.
Because when you use them in your resume, then you want to show how you did it as well.
So that's it.
The second person would preferably be someone in the creative field.
They can look at your resume from from a look and field standpoint.
Does your resume stand out or does it just look plain black and white?
People don't need to be printing resumes anymore.
They still do.
But most people just look at your resumes on the computer.
So when they look at your resume, you want it to make a good first impression.
You should make them want to call you.
So once again, your resume shows the interviewer how you are going to solve their problem.
So your resume cannot be a generic resume.
It has to be tailored specifically to that job description.
And that's what the keywords and everything that we talked about in the resume video.
Now, as far as your chances of getting hired go, it also depends on your ability to pass the ATS,
which is the applicant tracking software that a lot of companies use.
So you want your resume to show certain keywords that are in the job description and how they match
up to your experience as well, where it's not just about including keywords, it's about including
them as well as mentioning where exactly you've used those skills or, or gained knowledge.
So network with a lot of people in your field.
Get to know what skills are required for success in the field.
Get to know people in the same field.
Different sub industries.
So let's say within law there could be real estate law, there could be tax law.
So many different kinds of family law.
So.
Get to know people from different fields and even within the same field, get to know people from that,
specialize in different things and see what works for you.
If you already have a specialization, then that's great.
So list out the skills that will make you successful even without a job.
And that is what will keep you ahead of everybody else when it comes to interviewing even, or when
it comes to getting a job.
Not just any job, but getting paid high.
Coming across as a superstar candidate.
Moving on to the next section, you should rehearse your answers.
So make a checklist with every single question that I've addressed.
And talk about every create an answer, create a response of your own and use a specific example from
your life addressing that.
For example, if you're talking about your greatest strengths, then come up with a specific example.
And provide data driven.
Evidence or not even evidence, but provide data.
Talk about what made any what made something, what it was and what you did and things like that.
But don't keep it abstract.
See what I did?
Don't keep it abstract.
Talk about exactly what the situation was, exactly what you did, what the result was, and how that
shows your greatest strength.
Or what quality does that show?
So.
Prepare one or two responses for every single one that will give you an idea of how to proceed.
Then combine that with your body language part.
So you're going to learn or you're going to you should have gone through the body language section of
this master class already.
So you will combine the nonverbal and the verbals together and rehearse.
If you don't want to do it in front of a mirror, then just set up a zoom call and just sit in front
of the camera record.
And just play it back.
See how it feels.
And get an idea of what energy you're trying to portray, what you're trying to convey to the interviewer.
Is it one of positivity and optimism, or are you showing nervousness and negativity?
If there's nervousness, keep going back until you're perfect.
Your body language and your words.
So this brings to an end.
Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end.
So this brings to an end this masterclass.
Over the next couple of videos, I'm going to be to tell you a little bit about how to get in touch
with me and creating your unique selling proposition.
So thank you very much for being a part of this course.
I truly appreciate you having having stayed this long, and I hope that I've been able to add value.
And of course, like I mentioned before, feel free to leave any specific questions in in the comments
or send them my way.
I'll talk about how to get in touch with me and you can send me specific questions and I will do my
best to answer them.
So thank you again and my very best to all of you.